doc: make building with ninja more discoverable (#41840)
nodejs/node: BUILDING.md

$ make -j4
```

> We can speed up the builds by using Ninja. For more information, see the
> [Building Node.js with Ninja](doc/contributing/building-node-with-ninja.md)
> document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can speed up the builds by using [Ninja](https://ninja-build.org/). For more
information, see
[Building Node.js with Ninja](doc/contributing/building-node-with-ninja.md).
```
